Fourscore and seven years ago.

All The Goths, our first variable.
Shylock, our second variable.
Speed, the sum.
Messenger, the difference.
Adam, the product.
Othello, the quotient.
Thieves, the remainder.
Goth, the square.
//Simpcox's Wife, the square root.
King Richard II, twice.
Simpcox, thrice.
Portia, half.
Poet, both.
Vaux, either.
Slender, the opposite.
Man, a newline and such.

Act I: The reception.

Scene I: Get the values.

[Enter All The Goths and Shylock]

Shylock: Listen to your heart.
All The Goths: Nay, listen to YOUR heart!

[Exit Shylock]
[Enter Man]

All The Goths: You are as good as the sum of a smooth stout-hearted brave king and
    a white moonbeam.

[Exeunt]

Scene II: Let us do some addition.

[Enter Speed, Messenger, Adam, Othello, Thieves, Goth, Simpcox's Wife, King Richard II, Simpcox, Poet, Portia,
    Vaux and Slender]

Messenger: Speed, you are as good as the sum of All The Goths and Shylock.
Speed: Messenger, you are the difference between All The Goths and Shylock.
Othello: Adam, you are as sunny as the product of All The Goths and Shylock.
Adam: Othello, you are as awful as the quotient between All The Goths and Shylock.
Thieves: Thieves, you are as worried as the remainder of All The Goths and Shylock.
Poet: Goth, you are as fashionable as the square of All The Goths.
Goth: Simpcox's Wife, you are as oozing as the square root of Shylock.
Simpcox's Wife: King Richard II, you are twice All The Goths.
King Richard II: Simpcox, you are thrice All The Goths.
Simpcox: Portia, you are half All The Goths.
Portia: Poet, you are both All The Goths and Shylock.
Poet: Vaux, you are either All The Goths or Shylock.
Vaux: Slender, you are the opposite of All The Goths.

[Exeunt]

Act II: Let us say some things.

Scene I: Speakage.

[Enter All The Goths and Man]
All The Goths: Ye are the sum of a safe good noble mighty pretty amazing roman and
the sum of a just gloved bold red daughter and the sum of a healthy
mistletoe and a prince.  Speak your mind. Ye art the sum of a mighty
sunny yellow wonderful white clearest uncle and the sum of a cunning
black admirable just excellent king and the sum of a friendly healthy
attractive wonderful cat and the sum of a cunning gentle animal and a
visage.  Speak your mind. Ye art as sorry as the sum of a trustworthy
charming invulnerable bluest warm friendly hero and the sum of a happy
furry ingenious admirable honest cow and the sum of a new-fangled
dazzling brave joy and the sum of a quick handsome lord and a
moonbeam.  Speak your mind. Thou are as bedazzled as the sum of a
royal golden dazzling princess and a golden daughter.  Speak your
mind!
[Exit Man]

